README.md, before:

Tools
=====

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adriagalin/tools.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adriagalin/tools)

A curated list of awesome tools, libraries and software. Inspired by most of the awesome repositories that can be found on Github. [awesome-projects](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=awesome&type=Repositories&ref=searchresults).

#### *If you see a package or project here that is no longer maintained or is not a good fit, please submit a pull request to improve this file. Thank you!*

Table of Contents
-----------------

- [Web](#web)
-	[Go](#go)
	-	[Documentation](#go-documentation)
	-	[Environment](#environment)
	-	[Tutorials and workshops](#tutorials-and-workshops)
	-	[Web](#web)
	-	[Libs](#libs)
	-	[Go in the real world](#go-in-the-real-world)
	- [Go slides](#go-slides)
-	[Command Line Utilities](#command-line-utilities)
-	[Terminals](#terminals)
-	[Realtime collaboration](#realtime-collaboration)
-	[Protocols](#protocols)
-	[Docker](#docker)
	-	[Container registry](#container-registry)
-	[Monitoring](#monitoring)
-	[Databases](#databases)
	-	[MySQL](#mysql)
- [Localization](#localization)
-	[Markdown](#markdown)
-	[Web pages](#web-pages)
	-	[Performance tools](#performance-tools)
-	[Coworkings](#coworkings)
	-	[General](#general)
	-	[Company retreats](#company-retreats)
	-	[Barcelona](#barcelona)
-	[Marketing tools](#marketing-tools)
	-	[Sales management](#sales-management)
	- [Email marketing](#email-marketing)
-	[Mobile](#mobile)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Devops tools](#devops-tools)
	- [Continuous Integration](#continous-integration)
	- [Service mesh](#service-mesh)
	- [Kubernetes](#kubernetes)
- [Dev tools](#dev-tools)

Web
--

- [Web Fundamentals](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/) - Learn How to Develop the Next Generation of Applications for the Web by Google.

Go
--

The Go programming language is an open source project to make programmers more productive.

##### Go documentation

-	[Go docs](https://golang.org/doc/)
-	[Go wiki](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki)

##### Environment

- [Go development environment with atom editor](https://rominirani.com/setup-go-development-environment-with-atom-editor-a87a12366fcf#.he9xmejc5)
- [Supercharging atom editor for go development](http://marcio.io/2015/07/supercharging-atom-editor-for-go-development/)

##### Tutorials and workshops

-	[Go web workshop](https://github.com/campoy/go-web-workshop) - Build Web Applications with Go on App Engine
-	[Go tooling workshop](https://github.com/campoy/go-tooling-workshop) - A workshop covering all the tools gophers use in their day to day life
-	[Golang groups](https://github.com/campoy/golang-groups) - List of Go user groups, meetups, and similar.
-	[Go with Peter Bourgon](https://howistart.org/posts/go/1)

##### Web

-	[Gorilla web tookit](http://www.gorillatoolkit.org/) - Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language.

##### Libs

-	[gofpdf](https://github.com/jung-kurt/gofpdf) - A PDF document generator with high level support for text, drawing and images
-	[cobra](https://github.com/spf13/cobra) - Cobra is both a library for creating powerful modern CLI applications as well as a program to generate applications and command files.
-	[camlistore](https://camlistore.org/) - Camlistore is your personal storage system for life.
- [jsoniter](http://jsoniter.com/migrate-from-go-std.html) - Fastest JSON parser ever

##### Go in the real world

-	[SuccessStories](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/SuccessStories) - Go success stories from around the web

##### Go slides

-	[Why every gopher should be a data scientist.](http://divan.github.io//talks/2017/06bcn/why_every_gopher_should_be_a_data_scientist.pdf)


Command Line Utilities
----------------------

-	[mas](https://github.com/mas-cli/mas) - A CLI for the Mac App Store. #osx
-	[httpie](https://github.com/jkbrzt/httpie) - Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc.

Terminals
---------

-	[iterm2](https://www.iterm2.com/) - macOS Terminal Replacement
-	[hyper](https://hyper.is/) - JS/HTML/CSS Terminal
	-	[Awesome Hyper](https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper) - Delightful Hyper plugins, themes, and resources

Realtime collaboration
----------------------

-	[Floobits](https://floobits.com/) - Floobits brings real-time collaborative editing to text editors, IDEs, and now Atom.
-	[mattermost](https://about.mattermost.com/) - Open source, private cloud Slack-alternative
-	[warp](https://github.com/spolu/warp) - warp lets you securely share your terminal with one simple command: warp open.

Protocols
---------

-	[IPFS](http://ipfs.io/) - A peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol to make the web faster, safer, and more open.

Docker
------

##### Container registry

-	[Harbor](https://github.com/vmware/harbor) - An enterprise-class container registry server based on Docker Distribution.

Monitoring
----------

-	[mtail](https://github.com/google/mtail) - extract whitebox monitoring data from application logs for collection into a timeseries database

Databases
---------

##### MySQL

-	[Vitess](http://vitess.io/) - Vitess is a database clustering system for horizontal scaling of MySQL.
-	[ProxySQL](http://proxysql.com/) - High-performance MySQL proxy with a GPL licens

Localization
--------

-	[transifex](https://www.transifex.com/) - Agile, Open, Continuously Localized, Cloud-Based Translation Management for the Industry’s Fastest-Moving Companies.
-	[Locale](https://www.localeapp.com/) - Easy localization for Rails apps.
-	[lokalise](https://lokalise.co/) - Translate your apps and web the modern way. Automating localization and translation workflow for software developers.
-	[crowdin](https://crowdin.com/) - The most powerful Localization Management Platform for mobile, web & desktop apps, games & help desks.

https://crowdin.com/

Markdown
--------

-	[Marp](https://yhatt.github.io/marp/) - Markdown Presentation Writer
-	[Hackmd](https://hackmd.io/) - Best way to write and share your knowledge in markdown.

Web pages
---------

##### Performance tools

-	[Yahoo Best Practices](https://developer.yahoo.com/performance/) - Yahoo!'s Exceptional Performance team promotes best practices for improving web page performance.

Coworkings
----------

##### General

-	[CoWorker](https://www.coworker.com/) - Are you coworking yet?
-	[Workfrom](https://workfrom.co/) - Best Places to Work Remotely in a City
-	[Outsite](http://outsite.co/) - Co-living in beautiful places.
-	[Roam](https://www.roam.co/) - Roam is an international network of coliving spaces.

##### Company retreats

-	[Outsite](http://outsite.co/)
-	[The surf office](https://www.thesurfoffice.com/)
-	[Nomad Life](http://nomad.life/)

##### Barcelona

- [List of coworking spaces](http://barcelonanavigator.com/barcelona-co-working-spaces/)
-	[Pangea Coworking](http://www.pangeacoworking.com/) - Good prices.
-	[Garden Coworking Atelier](http://www.gardencoworkingatelier.com)
-	[La Colecta](http://lacolecta.es/)
-	[Coffice Barcelona](http://cofficebarcelona.com/)
-	[Atico Barcelona](http://aticcobarcelona.com)

Marketing tools
---------------

##### Sales management

-	[Drift](http://www.drift.com/) - Sales communication platform.

##### Email marketing

- [ConvertKit](https://convertkit.com/) - Email marketing for professional bloggers

Mobile
------

-	[Fastlane](https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane) - The easiest way to automate building and releasing your iOS and Android apps

Documentation
-------------

-	[Docsify](https://docsify.js.org) - A magical documentation site generator.
- [Slate](https://github.com/lord/slate)
- [API Blueprint](https://apiblueprint.org/)

Devops tools
------------

##### Continuous Integration

-	[Concourse](https://concourse.ci/) - CI that scales with your project.
- [Screwdriver](http://screwdriver.cd/) - Is an open source build platform designed for Continuous Delivery.

##### Service mesh

[So what even is a Service Mesh? Hot take on Istio and Linkerd](http://redmonk.com/jgovernor/2017/05/31/so-what-even-is-a-service-mesh-hot-take-on-istio-and-linkerd/)

- [istio](https://istio.io/) - Istio is an open platform that provides a uniform way to connect, manage, and secure microservices. Istio supports managing traffic flows between microservices, enforcing access policies, and aggregating telemetry data, all without requiring changes to the microservice code.
	- [Canary deployments](https://istio.io/blog/canary-deployments-using-istio.html)
- [linkerd](https://linkerd.io/) - linker∙d is a transparent proxy that adds service discovery, routing, failure handling, and visibility to modern software applications

##### Kubernetes

-	[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) - CI that scales with your project.
-	[Draft](https://github.com/Azure/draft) - A tool for developers to create cloud-native applications on Kubernetes.

Dev tools
------------

-	[Standup](https://getstandup.com/) - Standup automatically processes data from your source control and project management software to deliver daily engineering progress reports.

Commit message:

added Generating good unique ids in Go link

README.md, after:

Tools
=====

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adriagalin/tools.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adriagalin/tools)

A curated list of awesome tools, libraries and software. Inspired by most of the awesome repositories that can be found on Github. [awesome-projects](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=awesome&type=Repositories&ref=searchresults).

#### *If you see a package or project here that is no longer maintained or is not a good fit, please submit a pull request to improve this file. Thank you!*

Table of Contents
-----------------

- [Web](#web)
-	[Go](#go)
	-	[Documentation](#go-documentation)
	-	[Environment](#environment)
	-	[Tutorials and workshops](#tutorials-and-workshops)
	-	[Web](#web)
	-	[Libs](#libs)
	-	[Go in the real world](#go-in-the-real-world)
	- [Go slides](#go-articles-and-slides)
-	[Command Line Utilities](#command-line-utilities)
-	[Terminals](#terminals)
-	[Realtime collaboration](#realtime-collaboration)
-	[Protocols](#protocols)
-	[Docker](#docker)
	-	[Container registry](#container-registry)
-	[Monitoring](#monitoring)
-	[Databases](#databases)
	-	[MySQL](#mysql)
- [Localization](#localization)
-	[Markdown](#markdown)
-	[Web pages](#web-pages)
	-	[Performance tools](#performance-tools)
-	[Coworkings](#coworkings)
	-	[General](#general)
	-	[Company retreats](#company-retreats)
	-	[Barcelona](#barcelona)
-	[Marketing tools](#marketing-tools)
	-	[Sales management](#sales-management)
	- [Email marketing](#email-marketing)
-	[Mobile](#mobile)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Devops tools](#devops-tools)
	- [Continuous Integration](#continous-integration)
	- [Service mesh](#service-mesh)
	- [Kubernetes](#kubernetes)
- [Dev tools](#dev-tools)

Web
--

- [Web Fundamentals](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/) - Learn How to Develop the Next Generation of Applications for the Web by Google.

Go
--

The Go programming language is an open source project to make programmers more productive.

##### Go documentation

-	[Go docs](https://golang.org/doc/)
-	[Go wiki](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki)

##### Environment

- [Go development environment with atom editor](https://rominirani.com/setup-go-development-environment-with-atom-editor-a87a12366fcf#.he9xmejc5)
- [Supercharging atom editor for go development](http://marcio.io/2015/07/supercharging-atom-editor-for-go-development/)

##### Tutorials and workshops

-	[Go web workshop](https://github.com/campoy/go-web-workshop) - Build Web Applications with Go on App Engine
-	[Go tooling workshop](https://github.com/campoy/go-tooling-workshop) - A workshop covering all the tools gophers use in their day to day life
-	[Golang groups](https://github.com/campoy/golang-groups) - List of Go user groups, meetups, and similar.
-	[Go with Peter Bourgon](https://howistart.org/posts/go/1)

##### Web

-	[Gorilla web tookit](http://www.gorillatoolkit.org/) - Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language.

##### Libs

-	[gofpdf](https://github.com/jung-kurt/gofpdf) - A PDF document generator with high level support for text, drawing and images
-	[cobra](https://github.com/spf13/cobra) - Cobra is both a library for creating powerful modern CLI applications as well as a program to generate applications and command files.
-	[camlistore](https://camlistore.org/) - Camlistore is your personal storage system for life.
- [jsoniter](http://jsoniter.com/migrate-from-go-std.html) - Fastest JSON parser ever

##### Go in the real world

-	[SuccessStories](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/SuccessStories) - Go success stories from around the web

##### Go articles and slides

-	[Why every gopher should be a data scientist.](http://divan.github.io//talks/2017/06bcn/why_every_gopher_should_be_a_data_scientist.pdf)
-	[Generating good unique ids in Go](https://blog.kowalczyk.info/article/JyRZ/generating-good-random-and-unique-ids-in-go.html)


https://blog.kowalczyk.info/article/JyRZ/generating-good-random-and-unique-ids-in-go.html

Command Line Utilities
----------------------

-	[mas](https://github.com/mas-cli/mas) - A CLI for the Mac App Store. #osx
-	[httpie](https://github.com/jkbrzt/httpie) - Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc.

Terminals
---------

-	[iterm2](https://www.iterm2.com/) - macOS Terminal Replacement
-	[hyper](https://hyper.is/) - JS/HTML/CSS Terminal
	-	[Awesome Hyper](https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper) - Delightful Hyper plugins, themes, and resources

Realtime collaboration
----------------------

-	[Floobits](https://floobits.com/) - Floobits brings real-time collaborative editing to text editors, IDEs, and now Atom.
-	[mattermost](https://about.mattermost.com/) - Open source, private cloud Slack-alternative
-	[warp](https://github.com/spolu/warp) - warp lets you securely share your terminal with one simple command: warp open.

Protocols
---------

-	[IPFS](http://ipfs.io/) - A peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol to make the web faster, safer, and more open.

Docker
------

##### Container registry

-	[Harbor](https://github.com/vmware/harbor) - An enterprise-class container registry server based on Docker Distribution.

Monitoring
----------

-	[mtail](https://github.com/google/mtail) - extract whitebox monitoring data from application logs for collection into a timeseries database

Databases
---------

##### MySQL

-	[Vitess](http://vitess.io/) - Vitess is a database clustering system for horizontal scaling of MySQL.
-	[ProxySQL](http://proxysql.com/) - High-performance MySQL proxy with a GPL licens

Localization
--------

-	[transifex](https://www.transifex.com/) - Agile, Open, Continuously Localized, Cloud-Based Translation Management for the Industry’s Fastest-Moving Companies.
-	[Locale](https://www.localeapp.com/) - Easy localization for Rails apps.
-	[lokalise](https://lokalise.co/) - Translate your apps and web the modern way. Automating localization and translation workflow for software developers.
-	[crowdin](https://crowdin.com/) - The most powerful Localization Management Platform for mobile, web & desktop apps, games & help desks.

https://crowdin.com/

Markdown
--------

-	[Marp](https://yhatt.github.io/marp/) - Markdown Presentation Writer
-	[Hackmd](https://hackmd.io/) - Best way to write and share your knowledge in markdown.

Web pages
---------

##### Performance tools

-	[Yahoo Best Practices](https://developer.yahoo.com/performance/) - Yahoo!'s Exceptional Performance team promotes best practices for improving web page performance.

Coworkings
----------

##### General

-	[CoWorker](https://www.coworker.com/) - Are you coworking yet?
-	[Workfrom](https://workfrom.co/) - Best Places to Work Remotely in a City
-	[Outsite](http://outsite.co/) - Co-living in beautiful places.
-	[Roam](https://www.roam.co/) - Roam is an international network of coliving spaces.

##### Company retreats

-	[Outsite](http://outsite.co/)
-	[The surf office](https://www.thesurfoffice.com/)
-	[Nomad Life](http://nomad.life/)

##### Barcelona

- [List of coworking spaces](http://barcelonanavigator.com/barcelona-co-working-spaces/)
-	[Pangea Coworking](http://www.pangeacoworking.com/) - Good prices.
-	[Garden Coworking Atelier](http://www.gardencoworkingatelier.com)
-	[La Colecta](http://lacolecta.es/)
-	[Coffice Barcelona](http://cofficebarcelona.com/)
-	[Atico Barcelona](http://aticcobarcelona.com)

Marketing tools
---------------

##### Sales management

-	[Drift](http://www.drift.com/) - Sales communication platform.

##### Email marketing

- [ConvertKit](https://convertkit.com/) - Email marketing for professional bloggers

Mobile
------

-	[Fastlane](https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane) - The easiest way to automate building and releasing your iOS and Android apps

Documentation
-------------

-	[Docsify](https://docsify.js.org) - A magical documentation site generator.
- [Slate](https://github.com/lord/slate)
- [API Blueprint](https://apiblueprint.org/)

Devops tools
------------

##### Continuous Integration

-	[Concourse](https://concourse.ci/) - CI that scales with your project.
- [Screwdriver](http://screwdriver.cd/) - Is an open source build platform designed for Continuous Delivery.

##### Service mesh

[So what even is a Service Mesh? Hot take on Istio and Linkerd](http://redmonk.com/jgovernor/2017/05/31/so-what-even-is-a-service-mesh-hot-take-on-istio-and-linkerd/)

- [istio](https://istio.io/) - Istio is an open platform that provides a uniform way to connect, manage, and secure microservices. Istio supports managing traffic flows between microservices, enforcing access policies, and aggregating telemetry data, all without requiring changes to the microservice code.
	- [Canary deployments](https://istio.io/blog/canary-deployments-using-istio.html)
- [linkerd](https://linkerd.io/) - linker∙d is a transparent proxy that adds service discovery, routing, failure handling, and visibility to modern software applications

##### Kubernetes

-	[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) - CI that scales with your project.
-	[Draft](https://github.com/Azure/draft) - A tool for developers to create cloud-native applications on Kubernetes.

Dev tools
------------

-	[Standup](https://getstandup.com/) - Standup automatically processes data from your source control and project management software to deliver daily engineering progress reports.
